[Music]
[Music] then Deborah and barrack the son of a B
then Deborah and barrack the son of a B
then Deborah and barrack the son of a B no 'm sang on that day when leaders lead
no 'm sang on that day when leaders lead
no 'm sang on that day when leaders lead in israel when the people willingly
in israel when the people willingly
in israel when the people willingly offer themselves bless the lord here o
offer themselves bless the lord here o
offer themselves bless the lord here o kings give ear o Prince's I even I will
kings give ear o Prince's I even I will
kings give ear o Prince's I even I will sing to the Lord I will sing praise to
sing to the Lord I will sing praise to
sing to the Lord I will sing praise to the Lord God of Israel Lord when you
the Lord God of Israel Lord when you
the Lord God of Israel Lord when you went out from seer when you marched from
went out from seer when you marched from
went out from seer when you marched from the field of Edom the earth trembled in
the field of Edom the earth trembled in
the field of Edom the earth trembled in the heavens poured the clouds also
the heavens poured the clouds also
the heavens poured the clouds also poured water the mountains gushed before
poured water the mountains gushed before
poured water the mountains gushed before the Lord
the Lord
the Lord this Sinai before the Lord God of Israel
this Sinai before the Lord God of Israel
this Sinai before the Lord God of Israel in the days of Shamgar the son NF in the
in the days of Shamgar the son NF in the
in the days of Shamgar the son NF in the days of jail the highways were deserted
days of jail the highways were deserted
days of jail the highways were deserted and the travelers walked along the
and the travelers walked along the
and the travelers walked along the byways village life ceased it ceased in
byways village life ceased it ceased in
byways village life ceased it ceased in Israel until I Deborah arose arose a
Israel until I Deborah arose arose a
Israel until I Deborah arose arose a mother in Israel they chose new gods
mother in Israel they chose new gods
mother in Israel they chose new gods then there was war in the gates not a
then there was war in the gates not a
then there was war in the gates not a shield or spear was seen among forty
shield or spear was seen among forty
shield or spear was seen among forty thousand in Israel my heart is with the
thousand in Israel my heart is with the
thousand in Israel my heart is with the rulers of Israel who offered themselves
rulers of Israel who offered themselves
rulers of Israel who offered themselves willingly with the people blessed the
willingly with the people blessed the
willingly with the people blessed the Lord speak you who ride on white donkeys
Lord speak you who ride on white donkeys
Lord speak you who ride on white donkeys who sit in judges attire and who walk
who sit in judges attire and who walk
who sit in judges attire and who walk along the road far from the noise of the
along the road far from the noise of the
along the road far from the noise of the archers among the watering places there
archers among the watering places there
archers among the watering places there they shall recount the righteous acts of
they shall recount the righteous acts of
they shall recount the righteous acts of the
the
the the righteous acts for his villagers in
the righteous acts for his villagers in
the righteous acts for his villagers in Israel then the people of the Lord shall
Israel then the people of the Lord shall
Israel then the people of the Lord shall go down to the games awake awake
go down to the games awake awake
go down to the games awake awake Deborah awake awake sing the song arise
Deborah awake awake sing the song arise
Deborah awake awake sing the song arise Bay RAC and lead your captives away o
Bay RAC and lead your captives away o
Bay RAC and lead your captives away o son of Obinna one then the survivors
son of Obinna one then the survivors
son of Obinna one then the survivors came down the people against the nobles
came down the people against the nobles
came down the people against the nobles the Lord came down for me against the
the Lord came down for me against the
the Lord came down for me against the mighty from Ephraim were those whose
mighty from Ephraim were those whose
mighty from Ephraim were those whose roots were in Amalek after you Benjamin
roots were in Amalek after you Benjamin
roots were in Amalek after you Benjamin with your peoples from make ear rulers
with your peoples from make ear rulers
with your peoples from make ear rulers came down and from Zebulon those who
came down and from Zebulon those who
came down and from Zebulon those who bear the recruiters staff and the
bear the recruiters staff and the
bear the recruiters staff and the princes of Issachar were with Deborah as
princes of Issachar were with Deborah as
princes of Issachar were with Deborah as is a car so was Bay RAC sent into the
is a car so was Bay RAC sent into the
is a car so was Bay RAC sent into the valley under his command among the
valley under his command among the
valley under his command among the divisions of Reuben there were great
divisions of Reuben there were great
divisions of Reuben there were great resolves of heart why did you sit among
resolves of heart why did you sit among
resolves of heart why did you sit among the sheep folds to hear the piping's for
the sheep folds to hear the piping's for
the sheep folds to hear the piping's for the flocks the divisions of Reuben have
the flocks the divisions of Reuben have
the flocks the divisions of Reuben have great searchings of
great searchings of
great searchings of Gillian stayed beyond the Jordan and why
Gillian stayed beyond the Jordan and why
Gillian stayed beyond the Jordan and why did Dan remain on ships
did Dan remain on ships
did Dan remain on ships Asher continued at the seashore and
Asher continued at the seashore and
Asher continued at the seashore and stayed by his England's Zebulon is a
stayed by his England's Zebulon is a
stayed by his England's Zebulon is a people who jeopardized their lives to
people who jeopardized their lives to
people who jeopardized their lives to the point of death
the point of death
the point of death NAFTA lie also on the heights of the
NAFTA lie also on the heights of the
NAFTA lie also on the heights of the battlefield the Kings came and fought
battlefield the Kings came and fought
battlefield the Kings came and fought then the kings of Canaan fought in taya
then the kings of Canaan fought in taya
then the kings of Canaan fought in taya neck by the waters of Megiddo they took
neck by the waters of Megiddo they took
neck by the waters of Megiddo they took no spoils of silver
no spoils of silver
no spoils of silver they fought from the heavens the stars
they fought from the heavens the stars
they fought from the heavens the stars from their courses fought against Sisera
from their courses fought against Sisera
from their courses fought against Sisera the torrent of kai-shan swept them away
the torrent of kai-shan swept them away
the torrent of kai-shan swept them away that ancient torrent the torrent of
that ancient torrent the torrent of
that ancient torrent the torrent of kai-shan oh my soul march on in strength
kai-shan oh my soul march on in strength
kai-shan oh my soul march on in strength then the horse's hooves pounding the
then the horse's hooves pounding the
then the horse's hooves pounding the galloping galloping of his steeds curse
galloping galloping of his steeds curse
galloping galloping of his steeds curse Mira's said the angel of the Lord curse
Mira's said the angel of the Lord curse
Mira's said the angel of the Lord curse its inhabitants bitterly because they
its inhabitants bitterly because they
its inhabitants bitterly because they did not come to the help of the Lord to
did not come to the help of the Lord to
did not come to the help of the Lord to the help of the Lord against the mighty
the help of the Lord against the mighty
the help of the Lord against the mighty most blessed among women is jail the
most blessed among women is jail the
most blessed among women is jail the wife of Heber the tonight blessed is she
wife of Heber the tonight blessed is she
wife of Heber the tonight blessed is she among women in tents he asked for water
among women in tents he asked for water
among women in tents he asked for water she gave milk she brought out cream in a
she gave milk she brought out cream in a
she gave milk she brought out cream in a lordly Bowl she stretched her hand to
lordly Bowl she stretched her hand to
lordly Bowl she stretched her hand to the tent peg her right hand to the
the tent peg her right hand to the
the tent peg her right hand to the workman's hammer she pounded Sisera she
workman's hammer she pounded Sisera she
workman's hammer she pounded Sisera she pierced his head she splits and struck
pierced his head she splits and struck
pierced his head she splits and struck through his temple at her feet he sank
through his temple at her feet he sank
through his temple at her feet he sank he fell he lay still at her feet
he fell he lay still at her feet
he fell he lay still at her feet he sank he fell where he sank there
he sank he fell where he sank there
he sank he fell where he sank there the mother of Cicero looked through the
the mother of Cicero looked through the
the mother of Cicero looked through the window and cried out through the lattice
window and cried out through the lattice
window and cried out through the lattice why is his chariot so long in coming why
why is his chariot so long in coming why
why is his chariot so long in coming why Terry's the clatter of his chariots the
Terry's the clatter of his chariots the
Terry's the clatter of his chariots the wisest ladies answered yes she answered
wisest ladies answered yes she answered
wisest ladies answered yes she answered herself
herself
herself are they not finding and dividing the
are they not finding and dividing the
are they not finding and dividing the spoil to every man a girl or two for
spoil to every man a girl or two for
spoil to every man a girl or two for Sisera plunder of dyed garments plunder
Sisera plunder of dyed garments plunder
Sisera plunder of dyed garments plunder of garments embroidered and dyed two
of garments embroidered and dyed two
of garments embroidered and dyed two pieces of dyed embroidery for the neck
pieces of dyed embroidery for the neck
pieces of dyed embroidery for the neck of the looter thus let all your enemies
of the looter thus let all your enemies
of the looter thus let all your enemies perish Oh Lord but let those who love
perish Oh Lord but let those who love
perish Oh Lord but let those who love him be like the Sun when it comes out in
him be like the Sun when it comes out in
him be like the Sun when it comes out in full strength so the land had rest for
full strength so the land had rest for
full strength so the land had rest for forty years
forty years
forty years [Music]